hey how's it going Dave QD here and this
is the arrow 15 from gigabyte this is
their new all-purpose thin and powerful
laptop now I get a lot of devices that
come through this office but once in a
while I get something that just really
exceeds my expectations this is one of
them it has a plastic build it feels
very similar to the Aero 14 materials
it's a little bigger but the idea is the
same the top surface comes in various
colors if you want something a little
less loud the black looks pretty good
the Gigabyte logo lights up I'm not the
biggest fan of light-up logos but that's
just a personal preference thing so for
a predominantly plastic laptop the build
quality is good it starts at $1,900
which is pretty expensive for a laptop
and I know some of you are going to say
that you can get a laptop with a 1064
like a thousand or $1200 thing is they
aren't going to be this thin and they
certainly aren't gonna have the features
that this thing has so when you build
something this thin and this light
you're going to have to pay a premium
because the manufacturer has to get
custom PCB custom thermal solutions to
cool something this pin and this
powerful and keep it in a package too
small okay the port selection is above
average for advice like this you get
Ethernet HDMI 2 DP 1.3 and audio jack 3
USB 3 Thunderbolt 3 port and an SD
reader I did ask about the Thunderbolt 3
port just to see if it was by 2 or by 4
in terms of PCIe lanes and they said it
was four lanes of PCIe so that's a good
thing it's pretty easy to open it up and
when you're in there you have access to
the two Ram slots you can load up to 32
gigs of DDR 4 but the best part and it
was really mean the best part is that
there's two MDOT two storage bays in
here somehow over the course of time it
became the standard to have just one
stick of storage for these thin and
light performance machines this has two
I really like that now the included
drive uses a slower SATA interface but
it does support nvme Drive so you could
just use the included drive as like a
storage drive or something
the battery down here is 94 watt hours
battery life is pretty good with the
screen at 250 myths I'm getting around 7
hours of battery life playing games I'm
getting about an hour and the charger
has that bonus use B port the keyboard
has individual RGB lighting which is
always fun to play with and it can
actually be really useful I adjust the
colors to match the shortcuts and apps
and stuff the layout is good nicely
spaced out the keys themselves are a
little stiff it's hard to describe this
but it needs more pressure than I'm used
to just to activate the stroke but once
you get used to it it's a good keyboard
overall the trackpad use of UN drivers
and to be honest I'm not a fan of even
Drive errs but this feels noticeably
better than the one on the arrow 14 it
could be from updated drivers or
potentially updated hardware I'm not
sure what it is but the tracking is
improved it's not perfect but it's not
bad the screen is awesome it's the
headlining feature of the laptop it has
a super thin bezel matte finish and the
panel has great color gamut and accuracy
it's 1080p non-touchscreen
it has this ex-rights Pantone
certification and out of the box the
colors are just bang on it could be a
little brighter and I'm seeing some mild
ghosting the laptop is geared towards
productivity and content graders so
brighter is always good there's supposed
to be a 4k option down the line but this
1080p panel looks really good as it is
the webcam is down at the bottom because
of the bezels so you get that upward
nose angle and this is what it looks
like should probably shave this hall
okay let's talk performance I was pretty
sure this would have some kind of heat
issues because it's thin and light and
you're stuffing in gtx 1060 in there but
it's cooled well and performance is
strong it has really extensive fan
control through their software and I
like that and I don't know maybe it's
just me but I really liked the fact that
you can control the fans like if you
want to you can run it on quiet mode
which is basically silent and you'll
FATA lit if you're benchmarking or you
can let it go on automatic mode or you
can manually crank up the fans to get
maximum performance fan noise on
automatic mode is actually quieter than
I thought it would be under load
performance is so good and the external
temperatures are comfortable there's no
nasty hot
gameplay is really nice on this thing
it's a kb leg i7 gtx 1060 and
ultraportable it's awesome if you're
playing at 1080p
you'll comfortably break 100 frames per
second in overwatch on ultra in Doom it
floats in the low to mid 90s on ultra
graphics as well it's really weird
seeing these kinds of frame rates on a
laptop with five millimeter bezels it's
like luxury gaming something heavier
like the division you'll need to drop
the graphics too high in order to stay
near that 60 frames per second the
hardware is great for games if you want
to see more details and benchmarks
there's a link in the description now
with a color accurate display and to
drive bays the Aero 15 is clearly made
for creative professionals as well this
thing is going to do really well with
Photoshop and illustrator workflows in
regards to video editing this is one of
my favorite laptops I've used for edits
this is only the 10 DP panel I'd want
the 4k panel for my content but
performance is great with 4k footage the
1060 isn't a huge jump up in performance
from the 1050 but it pulls further ahead
with a 5k or higher resolution footage
the speakers are located underneath like
the arrow 14 and they sound really
similar it's not the same
good clarity good volume but not much
bass alright the arrow 15 starts at
$1,900 you're getting a thin and light
laptop that's housed in mostly plastic
build quality is good for the materials
the screen has super-thin bezels with
excellent color accuracy and viewing
angles the keyboard is pretty good it
has a nice layout but the keystrokes can
feel a little stiff the trackpad feels
reasonably accurate even with key land
drivers on the inside it's running a KB
Lake i7 and a gtx 1060 which deliver
strong performance cooling is done well
it's loud if you're going full-tilt but
the temperatures are good the ram is
upgradable and so are the two drives
did I mention this two drives the 94
watt hour battery is big and it will
last you it comfortable seven hours of
battery life so there's so much I like
about this laptop the performance the
screen the battery life the two drive
bays it's just an all-round fantastic
machine with great performance thin and
light ultraportable is it the best in
this market it's tough because the build
quality isn't as good as its two main
competitors the XPS 15 and the Razer
Blade those have better build quality
but for the price this has better
performance all rounds than the other
two so it's kind of you got to pick your
poison I like this machine a lot I don't
know if I would recommend this as like
the best of the three because it really
depends on what you're looking for but
if you're looking for this type of
machine this should be on your short
list because it's fantastic hope you
guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subsidy loved it
see you guys next time
[Music]